In one of the nicest nurseries in the world and there were beds for three
young people called john napoleon and windy mariah angela and
...the children of mr...darling the nursery was
...a large window when...bright fire with a huge fire garb rounded and
...clock and pretty
...colored nursery rhyme pictures over the walls.
...was in many ways a most interesting household.
For one thing although there was a pretty little
...made it called analyzer the children were
...interest by and a dog called
...nana...candle was kept in the nursery on the evening on which our story
begins nana was dozing peacefully by the far side with
her head between her paws mr and mrs darling we're getting ready to go
out to dinner and nana was to be left in sole charge of the children.